# Privacy Policy

Effective date: 2023-06-25

Abdullah Ajmal built the Averager app as a free app. This service is provided by Abdullah Ajmal at no cost and is intended for use as is.

**Information Collection and Use**

The Averager app does not collect any personally identifiable information or personal data from users.

**Log Data**

I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third-party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

**Cookies**

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.

This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third-party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.

**Service Providers**

I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:

*   To facilitate our Service;
*   To provide the Service on our behalf;
*   To perform Service-related services; or
*   To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

**Security**

The app does not collect or store any personal information, so it employs industry-standard security measures to ensure the protection of user data.

**Links to Other Sites**

The app does not contain any links to external websites.

**Children’s Privacy**

I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children. I encourage all children to never submit any personally identifiable information through the Application and/or Services. I encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage and to help enforce this Policy by instructing their children never to provide personally identifiable information through the Application and/or Services without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child has provided personally identifiable information to us through the Application and/or Services, please contact us. You must also be at least 16 years of age to consent to the processing of your personally identifiable information in your country (in some countries we may allow your parent or guardian to do so on your behalf).

**Changes to This Privacy Policy**

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Any changes or updates to the privacy policy will be notified through the app.

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at abdullaha6@gmail.com.

This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/)
